- 11/10, 15min, Class:

What did I do today?

Igor - Reading and interpretation of the statement.
Daniel - Understanding the statement and interpreting the difficulty of each user story.
David - Deeper analysis and understanding of the assigned project and the beginning of backlog structuring.
Rafael - I analyzed specific project requirements and clarified areas for the team.

What am I going to do tomorrow?

Igor - Start thinking about possible solutions for the project.
Daniel - Asking the client questions about what I couldn't understand.
David - Start thinking about the business model behind this project.
Rafael - I’ll start drafting possible solutions and prepare questions for any unclear parts.

The difficulties I had?

Igor - Understand certain more specific aspects.
Daniel - Understand some user stories and their difficulty.
David - Understanding the exact intentions behind certain user stories and grasping some concepts that weren't entirely clear.
Rafael - Some requirements were hard to interpret due to unclear terms.

What is your opinion about your performance in the project or group?

Igor - I helped the team interpret the statement, demonstrating what was most important that I had retained.
Daniel - I helped the team in interpreting the statement and better understanding certain concepts, so I am satisfied.
David - I believe I contributed by interpreting the project for the other members, explaining my understanding of it and clarifying some concepts, as well as in the initial structuring of the backlog.
Rafael - I helped set a strong foundation by clarifying project details. I’m pleased with our progress.

- 14/10, 20min, ISEP:

What did I do today?

Igor - Re-read the statement and write down the words that need to be in the glossary (USBD01).
Daniel - I started my part of USBD02, starting from the entities and relationships between them.
David - I started my part of USBD02, based on the notes I took from the project statement.
Rafael - I started my part of USBD02, based on the notes I took from my analysis.

What am I going to do tomorrow?

Igor - Look for definitions of words.
Daniel - Go deeper into the model with the parameters of each entity.
David - Look in the statement and the forum for questions that have already been asked to the client to identify possible attributes for the entities. / Start working at USEI01.
Rafael - Carry on the work on USBD02 and, if possible, start USBD08.

The difficulties I had?

Igor - Choose and find which words needed to be in the glossary.
Daniel - Difficulties in understanding how some relationships should be.
David - Difficulties in understanding what could or could not be considered an entity.
Rafael - Difficulties in normalizing tables.

What is your opinion about your performance in the project or group?

Igor - I re-read the statement and removed the words that I thought were relevant to include in the glossary, thus fulfilling what was assigned to me. The next step is to look for the definition of the words.
Daniel - I have accomplished what was intended and maintained open communication with the team.
David - I am following what was defined by the group, even though I am experiencing some initial difficulties.
Rafael - I made significant progress on my part of the project and maintained communication with the team.

- 16/10, 10min, ISEP:

What did I do today?

Igor - Look for definitions of previously noted words.
Daniel - I started the simulator to USEI02.
David - I finished and updated my part of USBD02, according to the new data provided to us.
Rafael - Started working on USEI04 made progress on USBD08.

What am I going to do tomorrow?

Igor - Start carrying out US04 and US06 of BDDAD.
Daniel - Improve the simulator.
David - Combine everything that the group members have done for USBD02 into a single conceptual database model.
Rafael - keep on working, mostly on USEI04.

The difficulties I had?

Igor - Being able to find short definitions that fit the context of the project.
Daniel - Understand how articles are processed in the simulator
David - Initially, I didn't fully understand what should or shouldn't be included in a conceptual database model, but now I feel much clearer.
Rafael - At the beggining i wasn't using well the Maps in Java, but after some time i got used to it.

What is your opinion about your performance in the project or group?

Igor - With the definitions and words already gathered, I was able to do a good job for the group.
Daniel - I believe I have actively contributed.
David - I think I have more to offer.
Rafael - I made yet again significant progress in my US.

- 18/10, 15min, Class:

What did I do today?

Igor - Start USBD04 and USBD06, focusing first on completing USBD04.
Daniel - I adapted the simulator to take into account the priority of the articles (USEI08).
David - With the help of the group, we built a single conceptual database model, and I started to convert it to the logical level.
Rafael - Final adjustments for USBD08 and USEI04.

What am I going to do tomorrow?

Igor - Complete USBD04, and then focus on completing USBD06 and starting US03 and US07 of ESINF.
Daniel - Final adjustments to the simulator.
David - Finish converting the conceptual model into a logical relational model. / Start working at USEI05.
Rafael - Start working on USEI06.

The difficulties I had?

Igor - In USBD04, I am able to apply the two constraints that are given in the project statement.
Daniel - Take into account the complexity of the program as best as possible.
David - Combining the different interpretations of the conceptual model that we had created.
Rafael - Final adjustments to USEI04

What is your opinion about your performance in the project or group?

Igor - I have been striving every day to give my best in carrying out the different parts of the project.
Daniel - I feel like my performance has been solid.
David - I think my current performance in the project is good, but it could still be better.
Rafael - I believe i have contributed significantly.

- 21/10, 20min, ISEP:

What did I do today?

Igor - Conclusion of USBD06 and progress on ESINF user stories.
Daniel - Formulas in the Excel spreadsheet to automatically generate data.
David - Finalization of the logical model and instantiation of the relational model (physical level).
Rafael - Managed to get most of USEI06 done.

What am I going to do tomorrow?

Igor - Complete the two ESINF user stories and move on to USLP01 and the complexity analysis of the algorithms performed for ESINF.
Daniel - Adjustments to the relational model.
David - Use manual inserts to test the relational model in Oracle Live SQL.
Rafael - Keep working on USEI06.

The difficulties I had?

Igor - In this part I didn't feel any difficulty that stood out.
Daniel - Some errors that appeared when entering new data.
David - As expected, some errors appeared; however, a few adjustments were sufficient to resolve the situation.
Rafael - Get the waiting times in USEI06.

What is your opinion about your performance in the project or group?

Igor - Like the rest of the group, I believe that my contribution has been growing.
Daniel - I believe I’ve been actively contributing.
David - I think I have improved.
Rafael - I think I'm contributing well.

- 23/10, 10min, ISEP:

What did I do today?

Igor - Together with David, we developed USLP01 and then I was concerned with the complexity analysis of the algorithms carried out for ESINF.
Daniel - I made the sql code for USBD05.
David - I made the sql code for USBD07, and I made some adjustments to the relational model.
Rafael - Final adjustments in USEI06.

What am I going to do tomorrow?

Igor - Complete the analysis of the algorithms' complexities.
Daniel - Generate results in a csv and the simulator's text interface.
David - Update the domain model to USLP01.
Rafael - Start working on USLP02 and review all my work, if possible.

The difficulties I had?

Igor - The difficulties experienced in preparing USLP01 were made clear when discussing with David.
Daniel - I didn't have.
David - Just a few errors that appeared, but they were quickly corrected.
Rafael - Generate the waiting times in USEI06.

What is your opinion about your performance in the project or group?

Igor - Every day I feel more integrated with the project, and I have contributed to the group.
Daniel - This time I focused more on developing my task, leaving aside the team, I have to improve in the next few days.
David - I believe I have improved a lot and am now dedicating myself more to the project.
Rafael - I think I've improved a lot since the beginning of the project, and I'm happy with how the team is working.

- 25/10, 15min, ISEP:

What did I do today?

Igor - Complete the analysis of the algorithms' complexities, and then attach the corresponding file to the project.
Daniel - Evolve the simulator text interface (USLP02).
David - Review, error correction, and update of all database user stories.
Rafael - Worked with Daniel in USLP02 reviwed my work.

What am I going to do tomorrow?

Igor - General review of the project and, if necessary, changes to small aspects.
Daniel - General review of the project.
David - Review of the entire project and final adjustments.
Rafael - Final adjustments if needed.

The difficulties I had?

Igor - Analyze certain lines of code.
Daniel - Generate file external to the IDE that runs the program.
David - I didn't feel any difficulties.
Rafael - Gerenate the external file to the IDE.

What is your opinion about your performance in the project or group?

Igor - I feel that in these last few days we are doing our best to not fail in anything in our project.
Daniel - I think my collaboration with the team has been strong.
David - I think my collaboration with the team was not very strong at first, but I have managed to make up for it by improving significantly and dedicating myself more to the project. I intend to maintain this level of commitment in the upcoming sprints.
Rafael - I believe i worked well in this sprint, but i still think i can improve in the next one.